## Part 4: Open the This PC window to review information about the new disk partition.  
* #### Spurning 1: What type of File System is used on the NEW VOLUME (I:)?
* * ##### Svar 1:   Fat32
* #### Spurning 2: How much Free Space is shown?
* * ##### Svar 2: 1.99 gb
* #### Spurning 3: List the tabs found in the NEW VOLUME (I): Properties window?
* * ##### Svar 3: General, Tools, Readyboost, Hardware, Sharing, Customize and Previous versions
## Part 5: Create a text document and save it to the ITE drive.  
* #### Spurning 1: What tabs are listed in the ITE Test Document Properties window? 
* * ##### Svar 1: General, Details and Previous versions
## Part 6: Convert the ITE volume from FAT32 to NTFS without losing data.  
* #### Spurning 1: What happens if you do not run as administrator when you open the command prompt?
* * ##### Svar 1: You cant do what u wanted to do
## Part 7: Open the This PC window to work with the ITE Volume.  
* #### Spurning 1: What type of File System is used for the ITE (I:) drive?
* * ##### Svar 1: NTFS
* #### Spurning 2: What are the tabs in the ITE (I:) Properties window?  
* * ##### Svar 2: General, Tools, Readyboost, Hardware, Sharing, Customize, Previous versions, Security and Quota
* #### Spurning 3: When the volume was FAT32, there were six tabs. What are the names of the new tabs that were added after the volume was converted to NTFS?
* * ##### Svar 3: Security and Quota
## Part 8: Display the properties of the ITE Test Document.  
* #### Spurning 1: What are the tabs in the ITE Test Document Properties window?  
* * ##### Svar 1:  General, Details, Previous versions and Security
* #### Spurning 2: When the volume was FAT32, there were three tabs. What is the name of the new tab that was added after the volume was converted to NTFS?  
* * ##### Svar 2:  Security
* #### Spurning 3: Why is there an additional Security tab in the properties window of documents stored on an NTFS volume?  
* * ##### Svar 3: To allow you to control and manage the security setting for those documents
