## Part 1: Applications tab.  
* #### Spurning 1: What happened?  
* ##### Svar 1: The web browser closed
* #### Spurning 2: What options are available?    
* ##### Svar 2:  You can end task, provide feedback, run new task, always on top search and search online 
## Part 2: Services tab.  
* #### Spurning 1: What statuses are listed?  
* ##### Svar 1:  Running and Stopped
* #### Spurning 2: What are the available actions that can be taken?  
* ##### Svar 2:  You can start, stop, restart, open sevices, search online, and go to details
## Part 3: Performance tab.  
* #### Spurning 1: What is the current utilization of the CPU?  
* ##### Svar 1:  It is at 23%
* #### Spurning 2: How many streams of instructions (i.e. Threads) are currently running
* ##### Svar 2: 1923
* #### Spurning 3: How many Apps, Background processes, and Windows processes (i.e Processes) are currently running?  
* ##### Svar 3:  158
* #### Spurning 4: What is the total physical memory (MB)?  
* ##### Svar 4:  9700 mb
* #### Spurning 5: What is the available physical memory (MB)?   
* ##### Svar 5:  4600 mb
* #### Spurning 6: How much physical memory (MB) is being used by the computer?  
* ##### Svar 6:  2900 mb
* #### Spurning 7: What is the link speed? What type of Ethernet Adapter is in use on this computer?  
* ##### Svar 7:  1 gbps and the ethernet adapter name is Intel(R) pro/1000 MT Desktop Adapter
* #### Spurning 8: What type of network connection (i.e Connection type) is in use?  
* ##### Svar 8:  Ethernet
* #### Spurning 9: What is the IPv4 address of the PC?  
* ##### Svar 9:  10.0.2.15
## Part 4: Processes tab.  
* #### Spurning 1: What effect does this have on the columns?  
* ##### Svar 1:  It show me what programms are using the least memmory
* #### Spurning 2: What affect does this have on the Memory column?  
* ##### Svar 2:  It show me the % instead of mb
* #### Spurning 3: How could this be useful?  
* ##### Svar 3:  It is easier to se how much u have left of memory with %
* #### Spurning 4: What categories are listed 
* ##### Svar 4:  Apps, Background processes and Windows processes
## Part 5: Users tab.  
* #### Spurning 1: What are the available options?  
* ##### Svar 1:  Expand, Disconnect and Manage user accounts
## Part 6:  Startup, App history and Details tabs.  
* #### Spurning 1: What type of information can you get from this list?  
* ##### Svar 1:  CPU time, Network, Metered network and Tile updates
* #### Spurning 2:  Why is it important for an administrator to understand how to work within the Task Manager?  
* ##### Svar 2: To help gather imformasion
