## Part 1: Explore File Explorer  
* #### Spurning 1: What happened with Folder1 and Folder2 on the Desktop?  
* ##### Svar 1:  Folder 2 went inside Folder 2 
* #### Spurning 2: What is the file extension for the text document?  
* ##### Svar 2:  .txt
* #### Spurning 3: How would you do it?  
* ##### Svar 3:  I right click on the text document and press copy. Then i go to Folder2 and right click and then press paste
* #### Spurning 4: What are the attributes associated with this file?  
* ##### Svar 4:  Name, Type, Folder path, Size, Date created, Date modified, Attributes Owner and Computer
* #### Spurning 5: What is the complete path to Folder3? (Hint: One way to find this information is in the Folder properties.)  
* ##### Svar 5:  C:\Users\krist\Desktop\Folder1\Folder3\Folder3
* #### Spurning 6: Which directories are listed under Quick access?  
* ##### Svar 6:  Desktop, Downloads, Documents, Pictures, Folder1, Folder2, Music and Videos
* #### Spurning 7: What happened? Why would you want to do this?  
* ##### Svar 7:  It showed up on the left side and it makes it better to navigate trough folders
* #### Spurning 8: What are folders listed in the Local Disk (C:)?  
* ##### Svar 8:  PrefLogs, Program files, Program Files (x86), Users and Windows
* #### Spurning 9: Were you able to open it? Explain.  
* ##### Svar 9:  I needed promision to open the folder
* #### Spurning 10: Were you able to open it? Explain.  
* ##### Svar 10:  Yes i could open this one
* #### Spurning 11: Open the Public folder. List all the folders in the directory.  
* ##### Svar 11:  Piblic Documents, Public Downloads, Public Music, Public Pictures and Public Videos
## Part 2: Windows Libraries  
### Step 1: Access Libraries Windows 10  
* #### Spurning 1: Which folders or files listed under the Libraries heading?  
* ##### Svar 1:  Documents, Music, Videos and Pictures
* #### Spurning 2: How would you remove the directory of Folder1 from the library without deleting Folder1 and its contents from the computer?  
* ##### Svar 2:  I went to Libary tools and clicked manage library then i clicked folder one then remove
