## Part 1: Control Panel Views
* #### Spurning 1: What are the viewing options?
* ##### Svar 1: Large icons, small icons and category
* #### Spurning 2: Name a few of the Control Panel categories.
* ##### Svar 2 Programms, User accounts, clock and region, Network and internet and Hardware and sound
## Part 2: System and Security
* #### Spurning 1: Which subcategory would help you troubleshoot common problems?
* ##### Svar 1: Security and maintenance
* #### Spurning 2: Which subcategory allow a program through Windows Firewall?
* ##### Svar 2: Windows Defender firewall
## Part 3: Network and Internet
* #### Spurning 1: Which subcategory allows you to view the basic network information and set up connections?
* ##### Svar 1: Network and sharing center
## Part 4: Hardware and Sound
* #### Spurning 1: Which subcategory allows you to choose what happens when you insert a media or device?
* ##### Svar 1: Autoplay
* #### Spurning 2: Which subcategory allows you to add a printer?
* ##### Svar 2: Divices and printers
## Part 5: Programs
* #### Spurning 1: Which subcategory would you use to have a specific file type always open in a specified program?
* ##### Svar 1: Default Programs
* #### Spurning 2: Which subcategory would you use to uninstall a program?
* ##### Svar 2: Programs and Features
* #### Spurning 3: Which subcategory would you use to install the Windows telnet client?
* ##### Svar 3: Programs and Features
## Part 6: User Accounts
* #### Spurning 1: Which subcategory would you use change the account type from administrator to standard?
* ##### Svar 1: User accounts
* #### Spurning 2: Which subcategory would you use to view, edit, or remove the web and Windows credentials?
* ##### Svar 2: Credential manager
## Part 7: Appearance and Personalization
* #### Spurning 1: Which subcategory would you use to customize the Taskbar?
* ##### Svar 1: Taskbar and navigation
* #### Spurning 2: Which subcategory would you use to show hidden files and folders?
* ##### Svar 2: File explorer option
* #### Spurning 3: Which subcategory would you use to show extensions for known file types?
* ##### Svar 3: File explorer option
## Part 8: Clock and Region
* #### Spurning 1: Which subcategory would you use to change the time zone?
* ##### Svar 1: Date and time
* #### Spurning 2: Which subcategory would you use to change date format?
* ##### Svar 2: Region
* #### Spurning 3: Which subcategory would you use to synchronize the time on a computer with a specific web server on the Internet?
* ##### Svar 3: Date and time
## Part 9: Ease of Access
* #### Spurning 1: Which subcategory would you use to configure the computer to read aloud any text on the screen?
* ##### Svar 1: Ease of access center
* #### Spurning 2: Which subcategory would you use to improve the computer’s ability to understand your voice and improve the dictation accuracy?
* ##### Svar 2: Speech recognition

