## Part 1: Event Viewer
### Step 2: Explore the Services console.
* #### Spurning 1: What is the status of the service?
* ##### Svar 1: running
### Step 3: Explore the Event Viewer.
* #### Spurning 1: In the General tab, what is listed as the Source of the event? What is the severity level?
* ##### Svar 1: SecurityCenter and the level is Information
* #### Spurning 2: What is the status of Windows Defender?
* ##### Svar 2: security_product_state_snoozed
## Part 2: Explore the Impact of Services.
### Step 2: Stop print spooler.
* #### Spurning 1: What message did you receive? How would you fix this?
* ##### Svar 1: I got a massage that said that i should install a printer. Disconnect and reconnect the printer 
### Step 4: Explore DHCP Client service
* #### Spurning 1: When DHCP Client stops, what other services will also be stopped?
* ##### Svar 1: IP helper, WinHTTP Web Proxy aoutodiscovery service, Network list service and Network Location Awareness
* #### Spurning 2: Why is it important to exercise care when managing services?
* ##### Svar 2: closeing one might cause a chain reaction that would close multible services that you need and did not want to close
## Part 3: Monitor and Record System Usage with System Tools
### Step 1: Create a new data collector set.
* #### Spurning 1: What is the full path name to the example file name?
* ##### Svar 1: C:\Perflogs\WINDOWS_20250128-000001\DataCollector01.csv
### Step 3: Collect and view the data.
* #### Spurning 1: What does the column farthest to the right show?
* ##### Svar 1: Available embates
