## Part 1: Task CLI Commands
### Step 1: The tasklist command
* #### Spurning 1: What command would you use to display the results of tasklist one page at a time?
* ##### Svar 1: tasklist | more
* #### Spurning 2: What is the option to list the modules that are associated with a task?
* ##### Svar 2: /M
* #### Spurning 3: What command would you use if you want to find all the tasks that use the module oleaut32.dll?
* ##### Svar 3: I would use tasklist /M oleaut32.dll command
* #### Spurning 4: What command would you use to find out all the tasks that are associated with your username?
* ##### Svar 4: tasklist /FI "username eq krist"
* #### Spurning 5: What command would you use to find out all the processes that have been running for more than 1 hour and 40 minutes?
* ##### Svar 5: tasklist /FI "STATUS eq RUNNING" /FI "CPUtime gt 01:40:00"
### Step 2: The taskkill command
* #### Spurning 1: What command would you use if you wanted to terminate all process owned by a particular user?
* ##### Svar 1: taskkill /S system /U domain\username /FI "USERNAME ne NT*" /IM *
## Part 2: System CLI Commands
### Step 1: The sfc command
* #### Spurning 1: What option would you use if you only wanted to scan the integrity of all the protected system files?
* ##### Svar 1: /Scannow
### Step 2: The dism command
* #### Spurning 1: What would you add to the command so you can view the output one page at a time?
* ##### Svar 1: | more
### Step 3: The shutdown command
* #### Spurning 1: Enter the command to log off your computer. Record the command below.
* ##### Svar 1: Shutdown /L
* #### Spurning 2: What warning message did you see?
* ##### Svar 2: Your about to be signed out windows will shutdown in less then a minute
* #### Spurning 3: What command would you use to abort the shutdown?
* ##### Svar 3: Shutdown /a
